README.md, before:

# Link With Server

Creates a link between the NODE and the LINK UP SERVER.

# Setup SSH Server on Server Side (for the first time)

1. Install OpenSSH server if not installed.
2. *Recommended:* Create a standard unix user account (say `forward`) and use it for the connections.
3. Add following section to `/etc/ssh/sshd_config` file:

        Match User forward
                AllowTcpForwarding yes
                PermitTunnel yes
                ForceCommand echo "This account is only for making link with server"
                PasswordAuthentication no


4. Restart sshd on server:

        sudo /etc/init.d/ssh restart


# Setup per Node (on every node deployment)

1. Clone this repository: 

       git clone https://github.com/aktos-io/link-with-server --init --recursive 

2. Create public/private key pair: 

       ssh-keygen -N '' -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@example.com"

3. Copy your node's public key to `/home/forward/.ssh/authorized_keys` file on LINK_UP_SERVER in your favourite way.

        # Basically, just copy and paste your public key: 
        $ cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
        ....your public key to select, copy and paste into authorized_keys...
        
4. Edit the configuration file (`./config.sh`).

5. Make `link-with-server.sh` run on startup.

    > Running this script in background is your responsibility.
    > Preferred way is running with `aktos-io/service-runner`
    > Simplest method is: add following line in `/etc/rc.local` file:
    >
    >     nohup /path/to/link-with-server.sh &
    >
    
    
# Usage 

1. Run `./link-with-server.sh` to create a link with server. 

    > When "tunnel is established", the `LINK_UP_SSHD_PORT` on server 
    > is representing the ssh port (22) of the NODE. 
    
2. Place any scripts: 

    1. to run before actual link is created: `on/connect` folder. 
    3. to run on disconnect: `on/disconnect` folder. 

# Recommended Tools 

* [aktos-io/service-runner](https://github.com/aktos-io/service-runner): Run applications on boot and manage/debug them easily.

Commit message:

Strict host key checking is disabled. Improved UX

README.md, after:

# Link With Server

Creates a link between the NODE and the LINK UP SERVER.

**WARNING*** : `StrictHostKeyChecking` is disabled, you must prepare for a MITM attack.


# Setup SSH Server on Server Side (for the first time)

1. Install OpenSSH server if not installed.
2. **Recommended**:
    1. Create a standard unix user account (say `forward`) and use it for the connections.
    2. Add following section to `/etc/ssh/sshd_config` file:

            Match User forward
                    AllowTcpForwarding yes
                    PermitTunnel yes
                    ForceCommand echo "This account is only for making link with server"
                    PasswordAuthentication no


    3. Restart sshd on server:

            sudo /etc/init.d/ssh restart


# Setup per Node (on every node deployment)

1. Clone this repository:

       git clone --init --recursive https://github.com/aktos-io/link-with-server

2. Create public/private key pair:

       ssh-keygen -N '' -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@example.com"

3. Copy your node's public key to `/home/forward/.ssh/authorized_keys` file on LINK_UP_SERVER in your favourite way.

        # Basically, just copy and paste your public key:
        $ cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
        ....your public key to select, copy and paste into authorized_keys...

4. Edit the configuration file (`./config.sh`).

5. Make `link-with-server.sh` run on startup.

    > Running this script in background is your responsibility.
    > Preferred way is running with `aktos-io/service-runner`
    > Simplest method is: add following line in `/etc/rc.local` file:
    >
    >     nohup /path/to/link-with-server.sh &
    >


# Usage

1. Run `./link-with-server.sh` to create a link with server.

    > When "tunnel is established", the `LINK_UP_SSHD_PORT` on server
    > is representing the ssh port (22) of the NODE.

2. Place any scripts:

    1. to run before actual link is created: `on/connect` folder.
    3. to run on disconnect: `on/disconnect` folder.

# Recommended Tools

* [aktos-io/service-runner](https://github.com/aktos-io/service-runner): Run applications on boot and manage/debug them easily.
